Next on PIJN News, Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
A court rules that Secretary Pete Haggseth properly fired all the transgender troops.
Twenty states are now passing bathloom laws against transgender and the U.S. military troops have become more religious than ever.
Former Navy chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt took a stand to defend religious freedom by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news, discerning the spirits and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenspitt, Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits, and we pray the scriptures in Jesus name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
A federal court has ruled that Secretary of War Pete Higgseth has properly fired all the transgender troops and the Supreme Court agrees.
The DC Court of Appeals ruled in a two-to-one decision vindicating Secretary of War Pete Higgseth and terminating all appeals by transgender troops that he properly fired for cause.
A DC Circuit panel issued the order Tuesday, dissolving an administrative stay on Secretary of War Pete Higgsith's transgender military ban.
The two-to-one ruling, the majority said that a lower court didn't offer Higgsith enough deference in issuing its original stay.
Of course, the lower court was decided by one judge, a leftist Biden appointed judge, but now
To Trump appointees on the D.C.
Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Gregory Kotsis and Judge Naomi Ryow both wrote for the majority opinion.
Here's what the court said, quote, The Hagg Seth policy likely does not violate equal protection.
We doubt that the policy triggers any form of heightened security scrutiny.
Even if the Hagg Seth policy contained a classification triggering some form of heightened scrutiny,
Decades of precedent established that the judiciary must tread carefully when asked to second guess, considered military judgments of the political branches.
And we must do so even in cases involving sex-based or other quasi-suspect classifications.
Moreover, the Supreme Court has already held that the government is likely to succeed on its contention, that the Hegseth policy does not
violate equal protection."
End quote.
In other words, dudes wearing dresses do not qualify as women under the 1964 Civil Rights Equality Protections.
The Supreme Court also upheld the military transgender ban back in May, ruling after legal challenges ensued over the Trump administration's executive order, directing military officials to
weed out service members with a gender identity disorder that is divergent from an individual's biological sex assigned at birth, assigned by God, even before birth, I would say.
The lower court, one leftist judge, a woman, Anna Reyes, had been appointed by Joe Biden, and in her leftist opinion,
She had initially issued an injunction against Higgs Seth and said, no, let all the transgender serve in the military, let the dudes wear dresses.
That's my paraphrase at the end.
But that report does come from TheHill.com.
The Hill is a somewhat respected secular news source out of Washington, DC.
Surprisingly, reporting that Pete's Higgs Seth was right all along.
Let's take a moment and discern the spirits.
In this story, we have human actors.
We have transgender men trying to join the military as women or vice versa.
We have courts and judges and opinions and the secretary award gives this order and then the courts make their decisions.
Those are the human actors.
Where are the non-human actors?
How do you see the angels, the demons, the Holy Spirit in this story?
We can see them through the lens of biblical morality as the influence, the decisions of
the human actors in the story.
So let's just pick one random guy.
Maybe he's a veteran.
Maybe he served 15, 16 years in uniform.
And suddenly he wakes up one day and he hears a voice.
And that voice is influencing his moral choices.
And it says, you're no longer a man.
You're a woman.
In fact, Joe Biden has made it easy for you to become a woman and stay in the military.
You can even wear a woman's uniform and go to work.
You can demand to sleep in female birthing in bunks and shower in women's lavatories on the ship with the women.
Wouldn't you like to do that?
And the man says, wow, I think that's a good idea.
I feel like a woman inside.
As soon as he gives his moral consent, the demon is no longer outside of him.
Now it is inside of him and that the demon of lying is speaking through his lips and saying, I am a woman.
Treat me like a woman.
Well, that spirit of lying is not the Holy Spirit.
The Holy Spirit would say to him, be humble.
Acknowledge the gender that I created you to be.
Be the man that I created you to be.
Serve your country with honor and dignity and complete your career.
No.
He didn't listen to the Holy Spirit.
He listened to the demon and now Joe Biden and the judge want us.
to lie, want the government to lie, and create an entire environment in the ladies' bunk and birthing and showers that allows him to be accommodated in their spaces?
No, no, no, no, no.
The government should not lie like the demon does.
The Bible says this in Deuteronomy 23, here's what God's government would do.
He that has wounded in the stones or hath his privy member cut off shall not enter the congregation of the Lord.
Let's pray about this.
Would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we pray for Secretary Pete Higgseth, and we discern upon him in this decision, the spirit of Almighty God.
He is a prophet for this issue, for this time, to protect our troops and protect the sanity and stop the enforced government lying of the previous administration.
Instead, Father, bless our troops that as we honor you, we will fight and win wars.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, 20 states have now passed transgender laws.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the seed.
And you don't want to waste it.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100 fold for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas
that we're doing here at Pray in Jesus' Name.
I think our charity does more with less than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions of television homes every day or every weekend on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children.
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school, we're digging wells, and we're serving the poor when you give to pray in Jesus' name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom.
Especially for our troops and our chaplains, we've now helped send five million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states and four times in federal law.
You know my story.
As a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus' name and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org, on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor button at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus' name.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray, He went to the garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs, come see the Gateway Prayer Garden just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees by the beautiful found creek.
Stand to the foot of our large cross and connect with Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend our annual Easter Sunrise Worship Service.
We're located off I-25 Exit 132A at 8-0-3-5 Bandley Road, just north of the KOA campground.
Experience Jesus at gatewaypreyergarden.org.
That's gatewaypreyergarden.org.
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our next story comes from Christian Post who confirms there is now a list of 20 states, perhaps Texas as the most recent, that have passed laws forbidding men from going into women's bathrooms.
And that involves people of transgender identity.
Starting on December 4th of this year, 2025, a new Texas law prohibiting men from entering women's restrooms.
has gone into effect.
Senate Bill 8, also known as the Texas Women's Privacy Act, will apply to bathrooms in some open changing facilities in public schools or universities or other government buildings across the lone state, Lone Star State.
It passed in a bipartisan measure in September, even some Democrats voted for this, making Texas now the 20th state in the nation to enact state laws
Protecting restroom privacy for women and little girls.
SB 8 only applies to government owned and operated facilities, including county buildings and city buildings, government agency buildings, public schools.
That's a big one right there.
Protects all the kids and open enrollment charter schools and public universities.
I wonder if the University of Texas at Austin has been notified of this.
That's a state school.
Oh my gosh.
There are several exemptions for churches, emergency medics, custodial staff, law enforcement officials, even children under nine are exempt from this law.
If they're accompanied by an adult, they can go in either bathroom.
But the bill calls for hefty fines if you're an adult violator, as much as 125,000 for a second offense or repeated violations.
$125,000 you get a pay is a fine and it gives private citizens the right to sue violators and The authority to the Attorney General to prosecute violations So if you're a woman eating at the Olive Garden restaurant and a man walks in you can sue that man And you can get the hundred twenty five thousand dollars from him if it's his second offense and
Complaints cannot yet be filed with the Attorney General's office until a couple of steps have to take first.
A written notice first filed with the institution or the restaurant or the public place where the alleged violation took place, allowing three days to resolve it before investigations commence.
Courts are also prohibited from issuing injunctions to block its enforcement.
Sorry, leftist judges.
You're not gonna overturn this one.
There were concerns voiced by people in the transgender community about over enforcement and potential public harassment.
That's the news.
Our thanks to Christian Post for that report.
Wow.
20 states have now passed laws like this, protecting women's privacy and safety.
It ought to be all 50 states, and especially it ought to be true in public schools.
or you have, let's say, elementary school, K through six children, when they're in gym class in fifth or sixth grade, and they first begin to use the locker rooms, they're learning about phys ed, should they be really harassed and subject to boys going into the girls' room?
Children?
That's what they're doing in left-wing states like California, Colorado, New York.
There ought to be a national law.
And I think the Republican Congress is looking into that.
President Trump has already signed an executive order forbidding federal funds from helping or assisting left-wing schools that do this to kids and abuse their transgender privacy.
But now with the defunding of the entire Department of Education at the federal level, who knows how long that policy is going to remain in effect?
The Bible says this in Genesis one.
So God created man in his own image in the image of God.
He created a male and female.
He created them.
God made you male or female.
Trump didn't do it.
I didn't do it.
God did that.
You can argue against your own biology against the God who created you.
You're not going to win that argument in the long run.
Let us pray.
Father, in heaven we pray in Jesus' name, that all 50 states and the federal law in America would return to the sanity that you provide us from creation, from science, that every child when they are conceived, not even when they're born, but when they are conceived, they are assigned the miraculous DNA of being male or female for life.
And even if they have surgery, it doesn't remove the DNA,
that God, you have uniquely created each of us in the image of God to be male or female.
Father, I pray that our laws conform to yours.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Let's take a short break while we come back.
A new poll says American troops are becoming more religious than ever.
This is PIJN News.
Defending your religious freedom, Dr. Chaps will be right back.
They told me, don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're going to show you how to get $500 worth of our teaching videos normally sold on DVD for $500, instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website, PrayInJesusName.org, called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 10 Corinthians 5, knowing that for the terror of the Lord, we persuade men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor, you get secret back-end news access to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month or $9.99, we're gonna give you all of our teaching series, the discerning of spirits, the coming apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500 just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000, you can have lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
Dr. Gordon Klingenschmitt, a former Navy chaplain, Court Marshall for Pray in Jesus Name, has written an impactful book for such a time as this, How to Liberate the World, a step-by-step guide to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingschmidt's personal story and the success stories of 15 other patriots who created real change will inspire you and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of how to liberate the world today and we will include Dr. Klingschmidt's DVD set, How to Become an Effective Christian Activist.
Dr. Cleaningsman also wants to send you a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our President to remind you to keep him and our country in your prayers.
To take advantage of the special TV offer, call the number on your screen or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
Defending your religious freedom, here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our last story today comes from Christian Post, who confirms the United States military is becoming more religious.
The troops themselves are practicing Christianity more than ever.
The United States Armed Forces are seeing a rise in religious sentiment, even as the mainstream culture becomes more secular, according to recent statistical analysis by Professor Ryan Burge.
who practices at the John C. Danforth Center in a Washington University in St. Louis.
And he noted that the number of active duty military personnel who attend church, at least once a week, has increased in recent years.
The number of military personnel who attend church weekly has increased from 21% to now 28% from 2010 until 2024.
Those who attend more than once a week increased from 15% to 17%.
In total, 45% of all military respondents to this poll now attend weekly.
During the same period, the number of surveyed civilians who attend church, weekly, stayed at 16%.
All those who attended more than once a week,
declined actually from 9% down to 7%.
In total, 23% of civilian respondents surveyed confirmed that they do attend at least weekly.
So 45% in the military, 23% in the civilian population, military attendance is going up, civilian attendance is going down.
Professor Burge explained as follows, quote,
A member of the military is about twice as likely as a civilian to be a weekly church attender.
And remember, we're comparing only 18 to 45 year olds in both samples here.
Those are really the two that are noteworthy.
The findings here that military folk have always been more religious active than other Americans.
And the devotion of military members has gone up while the rest of the population has secularized and quote,
Professor Burge also looked at whether respondents considered religion as a vital part of their lives.
The percentage of active military members who considered religion to be very important increased from 39% to 44%.
By contrast, the number of civilian respondents who considered religion very important dropped from 37% down to 30%.
So again, the military went up five points, secular
The civilian world went down seven points.
Professor Burj wrote, quote, it doesn't take a whole lot of guesswork to figure out what's happening here.
The military has an easier time recruiting in areas of the country that tend to lean bright on election day.
Those areas also tend to be more religiously active.
It's not that the military is making its men and women more inclined toward a faith community.
They were already that before they swore the oath."
And that's the news.
Our thanks to Christian Post for that report and Professor Burke.
Sir, you are God's man at the moment who are just examining the religious sentiment and thought of our troops in the military.
Now, just an observation, having been a former Navy chaplain myself, an Air Force Academy graduate,
I agree with his conclusion that it's not that the military makes you Christian.
It's that the military is appealing to people who were Christians before they enlisted.
But then something happens when you're in uniform, when you're putting your faith in God to protect you and your unit who's going out to combat, you want to be right with God before you go to war.
The sailors on my ship,
Many of them come from a checkered past.
They already had their tattoos before joining the service, right?
And yet they would always come up to me and say, chaps, we're going to war.
I don't know if I'm right with God.
Would you pray with me?
And the chaplains are there to offer consolation.
There are many who convert to Christianity after they put on the uniform.
I've seen this.
Sadly, under the Biden administration, tens of thousands of Christian troops were purged by policy for their religious views if they refused the vaccine on religious grounds.
But now with President Trump in office, he has opened the doors once again for freedom of religious expression.
Come on back in with back pay to those tens of thousands of Christian troops who were dismissed because of their religion.
Now they're being honored for their religion.
So once again,
They have an open door to come and serve.
Serve God and serve country.
As General MacArthur once spoke at West Point, duty, honor, country.
And the priorities that I held were God, family, country.
The Bible says this in Psalm 144, blessed be the Lord my rock who trains my hands for war.
and my fingers for battle.
You know, God is a warrior and he endorses the training of those who would defend their own families, their own country in war and in battle.
God bless our troops.
Would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we pray your blessing upon our arms, upon our troops.
As General George Washington once said, if we continue to insult God with our impiety and folly, we can little expect to have the blessing of God upon our troops
to fight and win the nation's wars.
So Father, we repent.
We do honor you.
As a nation, as a military, we honor you, and we pray that you help us fly, fight, and win.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Take a short break, and I'll have a word to conclude the show.
This is PIJN News.
Defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
You know, people ask me, Chaps,
We're watching on this network.
We've already set our DVR to record your shows.
But our friends don't have this network or maybe they can't watch it this time.
Did you know we're on demand on 10 different platforms?
You can tell your friends to find this show, PIJN News, on their Roku box or their Amazon fire box.
Just look under the religion or news categories.
Or maybe you have a smartphone or your friends or grandchildren.
can find us on Android TV, Google TV, Smart TV, or iTunes.
Of course, we're always on the internet.
Look for us on YouTube or Facebook or Twitter, or better yet, subscribe to our daily email alerts at PrayInJesusName.org.
It's important that you share all of these available platforms with your friends so we can mobilize all of the body of Christ to pray the news and change the world.
Would you join us?
Visit PrayInJesusName.org to learn more.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with Israel.
They are under such attack with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews.
But here is the Bible territory that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993, in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayinJesusName.org.
Again, prayinJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
We're here in Israel in literally the scene of all of the holy sites, like the Via Dolorosa, where Jesus carried his cross.
The garden tomb where he was raised from the dead.
The sea of Galilee, where he taught the disciples.
And I prayed, Lord, how can I bring this inspiring environment into your living room?
And what we've produced is a four DVD disc set with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse in all 28 chapters of Matthew in short, 12 minute segments.
So you can understand the exact words that Jesus taught from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 866-ObeyGod.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. For a suggested donation of just $50, we'll give you all four discs, the entire Gospel of Matthew, or you can write to us at the address on your screen or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're going to love this Bible teaching.
Pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Thank you for watching and supporting us financially today.
You can give today, especially end of year giving is greatly needed and appreciated.
If you give before December 31st, your gifts are tax deductible in this current year.
The Bible says in 1 Chronicles 29 that the people rejoice for they had offered willingly because with a loyal heart, loyal heart,
They'd offered willingly to the Lord.
Please give out of a loyal heart to God.
You can give at prayinjesusname.org or call us toll-free at 866-ObeyGod.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps need your financial support to stay on the air.
Would you please send your best financial donation today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusName Ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-Obey-God.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.